the Prime Minister directly insults me
he says why is your name Gandhi and not
nehru but his words are not taken off
the Record maybe Mr Modi doesn't
understand this but generally in India
our surname is the surname of our father
but it does not matter because the truth
always comes out and all you had to do
was look at my face when I was speaking
and look at his face while he was
speaking look at how many times he'd
rank water how his hand was shaking when
he was drinking water and you'll
understand everything he doesn't realize
that the absolute last thing I am scared
of is Narendra Modi it doesn't matter
whether he is the prime minister of
India whether he has all the agencies
doesn't matter because the truth is not
on his side one day he will be forced to
face his truth